The winner comes to see the loser's embarrassment?
Ye Xuan
You are really smart
I've been thinking about it these days
Who poisoned it?
Hmm, now I understand.
Lotus seed soup is not poisonous at all
Right?
Right
Not poisonous
So
The poison you forced the emperor to eat
purpose
It's just an excuse to get rid of the pricing.
Am I right?
You can even use your own father
You are 10 times more vicious than me
how
Do not speak
Are you disdainful to talk to this palace?
Maybe.
Do you think now
The entire queen
It's all under your control
Aren't you being too naive?
Do you know
My chassis
You want to say
The palace 30,000 marching instructor
Are they yours?